Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Attention please.
Thank you. at this
time I would like
to turn this news
conference over
to FBI regional director of
public affairs.
James Gardner. who is
going to give us
more information on the
investigation.
Thank you.
Thank you. Chief Oswald.
I'll take a few
questions in a moment.
but please keep in mind that
this is still an active
investigation.
I ask for your patience
and that you would hold
any unnecessary or
inflammatory speculation.
The suspect. Tador Bushati. 53.
was killed
in his Brooklyn apartment during
an interview with the
FBI investigating
the New York city subway
bombing this past fall.
Relax pal. put you hands in
the air. real slow.
The agent involved in
the shooting
at peregrine avenue
and sixth street
was following a lead
when Bushati
initiated a violent
confrontation and was killed.
I want your contact
and the money.
I don't got it.
Bullshit.
That's all we have for an
official statement
at that this time. I'll take a
couple of questions.
What evidence connects
the dead suspect to the
subway bombing?
I'm not at liberty to discuss
any evidence at this time.
Mother fuck.
I want the names and the money.
Fuck you.
No. fuck you.
Give me your wallet.
Yes.
Sir. a local police
source reported
no other firearms on
the scene besides
the loan FBI agents weapon.
Suspect was armed with a
butcher's knife.
Chump change.
Tador Bushati. your license is
expired. imagine that
Your family. huh?
Fuck you.
I think it is. you know. I think
I'll just keep this one.
Wouldn't you say
that was an excessive
use of force?
Absolutely not. our agents are
trained to respond
with deadly force no matter
what the weapon.
That's all the time I have.
thank you very much.
Nantucket tower. this
is twin Cessna
November 247 echo fox. one mile
from uptighed intersection
3.000 feet with
information foxtrot.
Heading 150 degrees.
Twin Cessna November 247 echo
fox. Nantucket tower.
You're half a mile from
uptight intersection.
turn left at 080 degrees.
maintain 2.300 feet.
Intercepter replies you're clear
for runway six approach.
Rodger Nantucket tower.
Hi. honey. we're about to
lead in Nantucket.
So we're a little bit late.
I know.
Here. nobody's more
excited than Flounder.
Say hi to baby.
I'm trying to talk to the tower.
keep my eyes on the numbers.
Okay. all right. we love you.
we'll see you soon.
We're losing altitude. honey!
Hold on!
Okay. everyone it's
thumper time!
It's thumper time.
What's the name of the game?
Thumper!
Why do we play?
To get fucked up!
Please language. ladies
and gentlemen.
Oh shut up.
Oh my God.
Continue.
You fucked up. drink.
I'll never keep up
without Tillie.
And where would she be?
She's biking here.
At night?
A wise decision considering
her license has been suspended.
I've been sober one night this
week and I'm driving.
Oh great. you're my ride.
So since her parents died
Tillie's been drunk for weeks.
Months. still counting.
Tillie!
Tillie my love.
Hey babe.
The night is saved.
You had a head start.
Yes.
Oh.
For dear Tillie I would alter
my sexual orientation to
whatever her preference.
Oh you.
Niko.
My man.
Any success with your
acquisition of contraband?
Have I ever let you down?
No.
Lou would go down for good weed.
I genuinely resemble
that remark.
Niko. meet my two
dearest flowers.
Felicity going to Berkeley. and
Tillie going to Columbia.
Leave it to Oxford
boy to introduce
us by our lesser schools.
I see you've found some
more dearest buds.
Nothing quite like the aroma
of central Oregon.
My immigrant compadre here
is going to BC.
Nice to meet you.
Congratulations. Colombia. it's
a really nice school.
We haven't seen you
around before.
It's only my second
summer on the island.
but my first altar rock.
thanks to Lou.
Oh. and you're working
for living that.
that is. that is refreshing.
You know. Lou here thinks that
he's working class
since he got a job turning
on the sprinklers at the
Nantucket golf club.
It's true.
Welcome.
That's a disqualification
before the first round.
Such a pity.
I think I need to go home.
Would you prefer my escort?
I'm sober. I can
give her a ride.
Till. do you want me
to go with you?
No. you just stay. have fun.
Wait.
Don't forget your mouthwash.
Whoa. you okay.
Yeah. oh my bike.
This man is a
veritable stranger.
He's your man. your compadre.
You just introduced us.
You broke your bike.
Yeah. I fell.
Don't worry. I'll get it
fixed for you.
I've got some friends for that.
An immigrant and a gentlemen.
I understand him more than
I understand you
and your weird
version of English.
I can speak English properly.
too.
Okay?
You boarding school boy. such
pretentious bullshit.
What's up with the rain?
Because it's Nantucket silly.
So embarrassed.
I'm used to it.
What. people puking when
they meet you?
No. giving someone a ride when
they really need one.
You're sweet.
You want?
No. I'm driving.
You okay?
Stop the car.
Huh?
Here?
Yeah. come on.
Come on.
Come in.
No. I'm okay. I'm good.
Here.
God. you must be freezing.
No. no. the water's warm.
Why didn't you come in?
I can't swim.
You live on an island silly.
gotta swim.
Yeah I know.
Maybe you could teach me.
I'd like to.
Whoa. nice lights.
Yeah. ready for the fourth.
So all those guys at altar rock.
are they all your friends?
As long as I can remember.
We're here every summer.
Well. anytime you need a ride.
I'll remember.
Here's my cell.
Call me so I have yours.
And I'll take care of your bike
and call you when it's ready.
Wouldn't want to get
you in trouble.
No.
Bye.
Where do you think you're going?
I almost called the police.
Come over here.
Sorry aunt Jenny. I know I
should have called.
I was up at altar rock. there
was no signal up there.
I know altar rock.
that's why I worry.
You're not my mother.
Jennifer is just as worried as
your mother would be.
Look. we just graduated.
it's summer
and we're all going to college
soon so we went for a swim.
You never heard of
skinny dipping?
Okay. definitely not
something mom would say.
What would she say about a DUI?
I don't know. she's dead.
Where's your license?
Hey. just take it easy.
all right?
Go take a hot shower.
That was Tramary by Shumont.
Only two days left till
fourth of July.
Hope everyone up
there in Nantucket
has a happy independence day.
It's been every night now.
You were like this when we met.
Yes. but I didn't have
to cope with losing parents.
I'm really worried about Tillie.
I know Chris. I've been there
and she's on her way there.
Here. I'm here for
you and Tillie.
Okay?
Kay.
Hi.
I'm FBI agent Richard Cantrell.
Phyllis. if you've got a moment.
I'd like to ask you a
few questions.
For sure.
According to my reports. this
is the last airfield
that the Gardeners flew out of
on route to Nantucket.
when plane crashed.
Did you know them?
James and Celeste?
Bummer. really sucks.
What we're doing is
we're looking
at the possibility of an
aircraft tampering.
Oh wow.
So I'm going to need to see
your maintenance logs
and the hard drive to the
security monitoring system.
Well. yeah. whatever.
have at it.
Thank you Phyllis.
Your a dream.
Well. don't look so
disappointed.
She'll be down in a minute.
Please come in.
I don't bite.
Niko.
Jennifer Crane aunt Jenny to
Tillie and her friends.
Very nice to meet you.
Oh. I volunteer at the
battered women's clinic.
I'm so glad I get the chance to
meet you. close the door.
Can I get you
something to drink?
I'm okay. thank you.
So what do you do on the island?
I drive a cab. saving
for college.
Tillie. Niko's here.
That's a good thing. kids here.
they just take
Nantucket for granted.
No responsibilities.
Why'd you come?
Eat.
My mother used to work here
a long time ago.
Nantucket was her
favorite place.
Your mother has very good taste.
She did.
I'm sorry.
Where are you from?
Well. I grew up here. I
mean in America.
but I was born in Albania.
Ah. that's where the good
looks come from.
Okay. let's go.
Here let me help.
Thanks.
Niko told me he drives a taxi
to save for college.
Terrific.
Later aunt Jenny.
That looks beautiful.
Good as new.
I hope so.
How well do you know Nantucket?
I do drive a cab. but I don't
get much time off.
Oh. I'm going to have to
show you around then.
Now?
Yeah. come on.
Come on.
So how about that
swimming lesson?
No. I'll take a rain check.
What are you going to major in.
in Boston college?
You know I'm not sure.
What do you suggest?
What do you think
about engineering?
I'm mechanical. I could do that.
How about dentistry?
No. I couldn't. no. no.
Architecture.
Yeah.
I'd love to design and
build houses someday.
Single file. you rookie shit
heels. single file.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Hey. hey!
You okay?
I'm fine.
Such a jerk.
What did you say to him?
I told him to have a nice day.
Is that Italian?
I took some in high school.
It was Albanian.
It slipped. people often mistake
and we encourage it.
Nobody wants to be from
anywhere like Albania.
No in America. it
doesn't matter.
My great grandmother. Matilda.
She was a roma gypsy.
You have gypsy blood.
Well do like we do then. say
you're from Northern Italy.
Thanks for the headshot asshole.
Agent Hanley.
Hey. Robert I've got the
son of a bitch.
You did?
Yeah. he's headed to Nantucket.
Nantucket?
Yeah. look. this was revenge.
James's. his daughter.
my God daughter.
Tillie lives on Nantucket.
She could be next.
I can't do this solo anymore.
I need your help.
Got your back.
Thanks. just meet me there
as soon as you can
I'm on my way.
Good ride.
Yeah.
I hope you're legs okay.
Oh. it'll be fine.
You sure?
Yeah. I'm accident prone.
That's a beautiful house.
Well. you just gave me the
most beautiful day.
Do I sense a new
romance blossoming?
We were just having fun okay?
All right. the summer thing.
before Columbia.
Come on. let's walk
on the beach.
No more Columbia talk.
All right. let's talk
about Berkeley.
I'm kidding.
Jeez.
Better be kidding.
You know. I really
would just want
to hear about your new boy.
Niko.
Maybe.
What. maybe?
At some point.
At some point?
At some point what?
Like where. when?
Hey but you know what. I really.
really. really
excited for that fourth
of July party.
Oh yeah.
It's gonna be so fun.
It's gonna be good.
Just before we have to go off
and be adults I guess.
We're hardly adults.
Dock master to horn blower
welcome to Nantucket.
A light hand lizard on
that position.
Marco!
Look who it is!
Holy shit. look at this boat.
It's nice. right?
Come on. come on. let
down the gangway.
Come on board. I'm coming.
We need to celebrate.
This is not a special occasion.
huh?
The two of us together again.
after such a long time.
Look at you. big. strong.
Man no longer a child huh?
I've been working hard.
Working hard. that's good. good.
You still in the same place
or you move on?
Yeah. everything's the same.
Well don't worry. I'm here now.
We're going to change that. want
to drink espresso or what?
Yeah.
Come on. it's good to see you.
So how did you like the
truck I got you?
I love it.
All the guys are jealous.
It's beautiful out.
Yeah.
So pretty.
Nobody's more excited
then Flounder.
Honey. hold on!
What if he's only using you
for a green card?
He's already got one.
it's not like that.
Niko's world is different.
He moves inside it calmly.
He's real. you know?
I get that.
But do you even know what
country he's from?
America.
No. I meant originally.
Northern Italy.
Well. I mean. he is
really hot so.
You have my vote to let him in.
Oh. thanks.
Hi sir. ticket to Nantucket?
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Good thank you.
245 Cantrell.
Cantrell?
Yes sir.
No charge. go ahead.
Show me this video.
I want to see this famous 4th of
July Nantucket party.
This is 4th of July
last time summer.
It was amazing.
It was so much fun.
we had a blast.
You would love it.
6.000 fat. rich. drunk
American babies
who are chanting USA. USA.
Barking like dogs who think
they own the world.
Shut them up right.
You did good my brother.
Come here with our mother.
Go to school. make friends.
Learn to speak good English.
you get the job and
the green card.
And when our father is butchered
by the FBI you do
not even blink.
You do not forget but
you don't blink.
Like a true solider.
He would be proud of you.
Look Marco. I.
No. don't talk.
Just listen. come on.
It's nice to get here
before the others.
Yeah.
You know I don't know anything
about your family.
Who do you have to
endlessly nag you?
Nobody.
You say that so.
I've been on my own three years.
Your father. your mother?
They all died.
Oh God.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Hey. it's okay. what's wrong?
Let me show you something.
Hi honey. we're about to
land in Nantucket.
So we're a little bit
late I know.
nobody's more excited
than Flounder.
Say hi to my baby.
I'm trying to talk to the tower.
keep my eyes open.
Okay. all right. we love you.
we'll see you soon.
We're losing altitude.
Honey. hold on!
God. that's horrible.
That was the last
time I saw them.
See. we're both orphans.
Only you're like a
veteran at it.
I'm still a rookie.
Maybe three years from now
when somebody asks me
about my parents. I can be as
calm and collected as you.
No. no. I hope not.
Do not participate in any
lascivious
activities without me.
What's up Lou?
Oh. forgive me.
How could you?
I possess the liquid
sex enhancers.
Niko. my good man.
are your herbal
coffers sufficiently stocked?
Of course. of course.
Hey careful.
It's just Lou. there's no
one else here.
Just old Lou.
Fuck. fuck. this fucking hill.
Oh and for edification
Felicity has prematurely
forfeited any duties as a
designated driver tonight.
Oh shut up. I'm perfect.
Oh shit. fuck. this
fucking hill.
I'd like to thank you all
for coming today and sharing
your stories with each other.
I know this is a very
difficult process.
but remember our strength
is in our group.
Now. today is a very special
day for one of us.
It's the first
anniversary for Jennifer.
Keep it up and give a hug
to Tillie for me.
Thank you pastor.
I couldn't have done it
without each of you.
Hey Jen.
Oh my God. Richard.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean
to startle you.
How are you. why
didn't you call?
Jen I has some disturbing news.
The NTSB salvaged James's
is the aircraft
and we now have evidence that
there was tampering
with the plane.
What?
Do you remember a man
named Tador Bushati?
The suspect in the New York
subway bombings last fall.
The one who died in FBI custody?
Yes.
How does that relate to Jane?
James was the public face of the
FBI for television.
Revenge?
I believe so.
This man maybe connected.
Son of a bitch.
We now know that he had
unauthorized access to James's
aircraft the day
before it took off.
Are Tillie and I in danger.
Absolutely. that's why I'm here.
Send that to me.
Of course.
How is Tillie.
As well as can be expected.
She's got a new boyfriend.
Really?
He's a hardworking kid
from Eastern Europe
and he's cute too.
How are your sisters boys?
Coping. thank you.
It's been a
nightmare since 9/11.
Who knows what's next.
Did it go through?
Got it.
Okay.
You know where to find me.
If you see anything or you need
anything. just call me.
Hey Joe. we got enough
Triple A stocked?
Absolutely.
Great. great.
Hey sweetie. can you push
back those tables?
We need to get ready for a big
4th of July party tonight.
so let's just make some dance
for our hot DJ tonight.
Some of the richest people
in America live
along this beach.
You got all these mansions.
soon enough
they're gonna fall
into the ocean.
Climate change.
It's so messed up.
Multimillion dollar castles
built on sliding sands.
We created it.
Yeah.
It's all our fault.
Hey. get off my beach.
Get off my beach.
Who are you yelling at now?
Oh honey. go make another drink.
I got a drink right here.
Whatever.
It's America. it's
everyone's beach.
Are you serious?
You see the sand by
all the grass?
That's the high water mark.
You're worried about sand?
Yeah. my sand.
Out there. that's public.
that's their America.
Where they're sitting.
that's my America.
They seem like nice kids.
Oh. great kids.
Okay. we're going.
Yeah.
You know what?
Let's go somewhere else.
Yeah.
I'll show you my America.
Your America huh?
Yeah.
The one place in the
island I can't drink.
What. why is that?
My aunt and Chris
own this place.
God. I hope we don't
run into them.
Who's Chris?
Her partner.
Hey. Rupert.
Hey.
Hey. roomie!
What's up papa. hey!
Whoa. wow. there's
plenty of room
back in the apartment for her.
Not gonna happen Edwardo.
not gonna happen.
How you doing brother?
Good. how are you?
I'm all right. princess
coming through.
make way. make way.
Make way. all right. all right.
Check out the goddamned on the
dance floor. put up your
and get on out here.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm just looking
out for my aunt.
Oh hey. hey. hey.
You can dance. but
you can't drink.
You must be Niko. I'm Chris.
My aunts partner.
Oh. very nice to meet you.
Well enjoy our Bulgarian name.
Your aunt has very good taste.
Runs in the family.
Cheers.
Attention everyone. this song
is going out to Tillie and Niko.
♪ I can't stop ♪
I guess we should dance.
♪ Only now ♪
♪ Let's forget about yesterday ♪
You know I can't dance.
Oh yes you can.
♪ Say ♪
Wow.
♪ Lover undercover ♪
♪ I've been your lover while
I'm waiting for you ♪
You make me feel good.
I'm glad.
Thank you.
This is the first
time since losing
my parents that I
feel all right.
All because of you.
Whoa.
So how's my dancing?
Amazing.
♪ I start to cry ♪
♪ I get choked up ♪
♪ Don't get to close ♪
♪ I'm trying to survive ♪
♪ Ain't love worth
other things ♪
Let's go.
I love you're America.
Let's go again.
One sec.
Oh God.
Oh. he's adorable.
I know its not a beagle
but she's was the happiest
puppy at the shelter.
You love her?
Of course.
What are you gonna name her?
Right now?
Yeah.
Well I don't know.
I got to know her better first.
Don't worry. we'll figure
it out together.
I'd like that very much.
Oh shit.
Aunt Jenny doesn't do dogs.
She wouldn't even let
Flounder in the house.
and now she's stuck with me.
Don't worry I'll take of her
until we figure that out.
Don't forget I live with
ten dog sitters.
Thank you. I love her.
Thanks a lot.
See you.
Bye.
Tillie. thank God you're back.
I didn't know how to tell you
this over the phone.
What is it?
Your godfather came to
see me today.
Your mom and your dad.
They were murdered.
It was an act of revenge.
Revenge?
Richard thinks it was this man.
have you seen him?
No. no.
He thinks he could be a
danger to us.
Ow. ow. ow. you're hurting me.
Ow. stop. stop. stop. ow. that
doesn't feel good. stop it.
Oh shit. shit. sorry. sorry.
Get out.
I need to get dressed.
A woman like you has no
respect for herself.
therefore she gets no respect.
Get the fuck out. Niko come on.
Sit down. let's talk.
You're a fucking asshole.
Fuck you.
Come on Niko. come on.
Sit down. we good?
Yeah.
Miss.
Get your hands off me!
Take it easy. take it easy.
Hey. I'm FBI.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
What is this. a bust?
No. it's not a bust I just need
to ask you a couple
of questions.
Okay. I'm no hooker so.
No one said you're a hooker.
Young lady. look I
just need to talk
to you about who's on
board that boat.
All right?
What's your name?
It's Rebecca.
Rebecca.
I need to talk to you about
who's on that boat. okay?
Okay.
What were you doing on
that boat Rebecca?
The last thing I remember is
being in the club
and then I ended up with that
foreign. hairy pig.
Is this the guy?
Yes.
He told me at a nice boat
and that is the only true
thing he said to me.
It doesn't make up for being a
shit and an asshole. does it?
No it doesn't.
What about the other guy?
No idea.
He called him Niko.
Niko. good.
Listen. Rebecca. is there anyone
else on board that boat?
Not that I know of.
Do me a favor and keep this
conversation between us.
I want to get those guys that
I don't want to blow this bust.
all right?
Sure.
No problem.
Sober now. so won't be
blowing anything.
Want a drink?
Who's this infidel
bitch I see you
with at the beach and the club?
You were spying on me?
Hey. I'm your older brother.
look out for you.
She's a risk. she could talk.
Never. she'd never betray me.
Why?
Because she wants to screw you
like all these fucking
American whores?
She's different.
Maybe to you little brother.
But to her. you're
just another toy.
Curious little boy to play with.
So tell me. who the fuck is she?
She's just a local girl.
Good.
Then she can take you to the
fourth party with her friends
and you bring the fireworks.
yes?
Just make sure you bring
the truck tomorrow.
I just finished a 24 hour shift.
I need rest.
See you tomorrow.
Hi honey. we're about to
land in Nantucket.
I've been out of line.
I'm sorry for being
so hard on you.
You stop right there Romeo.
Turn around.
You think I'm kidding?
Turn around!
Move.
You're little. I hate
America jihad.
It's over.
You fucking maniacs.
You don't know when to stop.
9/11. New York. The Pentagon.
now here.
well whatever you had planned.
it's not happening.
No 72 virgins for a martyr
this time asshole.
James Gardner was a
friend of mine.
You made it look like
an accident.
No bullshit propaganda.
no credit claims.
It was personal.
Hey. recognize this photo?
It's from your father's wallet.
I'm right I?
Like father. like sons.
You'll be glad to know that
your father died the
same way you will.
Mother fuck!
It's personal for me
too asshole!
I'm here for justice.
The subway bombing. remember?
Your father.
My sister was on that train.
Obliterated. there wasn't enough
left of her to bury.
but there was something left.
Four young boys without
their mother.
their father a broken
useless wreck.
I'm here for them.
Now where's the five
million dollars
your father was holding?
Before you waste any more of it
on infidel whores and big boats?
Those boys deserve that money.
not you.
Fuck.
Fine. you don't care
about killing.
You don't care about dying.
James and Celeste Gardner.
they got death.
But you don't care.
My sister. and 14 other people
on that subway car got death.
But you don't care.
But you sure do care
about the money.
There's something to admire
about your brand of insanity.
I could torture you. cut
your fingers off.
Gouge your eyes out. but you
still wouldn't talk.
But your little baby brother.
Niko?
I don't think he's so tough.
I'll find the money.
bomb making 101.
That's primitive. but it's
effective grant you that.
My oh my.
You have been a busy boy.
That's just a little
too obvious. but.
Huh?
Yeah. it looks like we
have a winner.
Your father had the same
kind of flash drive.
Flushed it down the toilet.
just before I shoved his fucking
face in afterwards.
Marco!
Niko. Niko I'm down here!
Marco. are you okay?
Marco.
Marco. you need a doctor.
You bring the truck?
Yeah.
Okay. there's a knife up there
on the table. get it.
You need to cut me out.
Who's that?
It's the FBI pig who
killed father.
He told you he killed papa?
Yes. he was sniffing around
for the five million.
Five million?
Father left it to me.
money for the war.
Marco you need a doctor.
I have to take you to
the hospital.
No. no. no.
Yes. my girls aunt has a clinic.
I can take you.
You see those two bags up there?
That's the special surprise
firework for the Americans.
We have to put them in the
truck. come on.
Help me.
Aunt Jenny.
Hey Niko.
I need your help.
What's wrong. did something
happen to Tillie?
No. no.
One of the cab drivers had
a bad accident.
He's a friend. he
needs your help.
Yes. okay.
Do you need a hospital?
We're pretty limited here.
He's not legal.
You understand?
I see.
Okay Niko bring him in.
let's have a look.
Okay.
This is aunt Jenny. we
can trust her.
You'll find we have much better
stuff for pain here.
It's Tillie.
Good. you go out and
talk to her.
I'll take care of your friend.
What sort of accident did we
have fireworks. right?
Yes. fireworks.
Maybe that's why
they're illegal.
Let's have a look.
Careful.
This is serious.
You're going to need the ER
at mass general.
Oh no. no ER.
I know you're illegal.
but we're going to have to call
an airlift for you.
It's okay Tillie.
No. it's not okay.
A friend of my fathers showed my
aunt the picture of the man
and he said he killed my parents
now he's trying to kill us.
He killed your parents?
Okay. okay. stay where you are.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
okay?
Okay. bye.
Wait stop. he's my brother!
Marco!
She didn't do anything.
She recognized me.
She has a picture on her phone.
She was a good woman.
Are you fucking blind. this
bitch tried to kill me.
Is this how easily you deceived?
Marco you need a hospital.
we need a hospital.
No. we need to get back to the
boat and get the money.
We can't leave her.
We only need one more day.
come on help me.
Help me.
Niko!
Help me!
No. wait. wait. get the phone.
Get the phone.
Wait.
What are you doing?
Niko leave that bitch.
Niko!
Niko. we're running out of time.
come on.
Hey Tillie. how would you
describe this shade of red?
Call it fuck me now. deep red.
I think you got a text.
It might be Niko.
Did you figure out what you're
wearing for him yet?
Till?
Whatever. new boy toy. I get it.
[Answering Machine] Hi
this is Niko.
please leave a message.
Niko. please call me.
Please.
Oh.
You're burning up.
It's Lou. he's a friend.
Everything has to seem normal.
Niko. my man.
Tomorrow promises festivities
of epic proportions.
And am I correct in believing
I just witnessed you by
Island Liquors?
I'm stocking up on booze.
And what about the uh.
Yes. I have what you want.
Yes.
You are indeed the man.
You have to take the money off
the boat and hide it.
Other martyrs will
contact you soon.
What?
Marco. who?
To Nantucket?
Yes. Nantucket.
The timer is set to
go off 12 noon.
You know what to do.
Whoa. pre fourth of July
face plant already.
A sad exhibition when a man
doesn't know his limits.
You need a doctor.
No.
Who are you calling?
You should be quiet.
Hey Tillie.
Sorry. I missed your call.
my phone was dead.
Is everything okay?
I'm here at my aunts clinic.
her bikes here. but the
clinic's closed.
It's not right.
Where are you?
I am outside Island Liquors.
Can you meet me at the clinic?
Okay. stay where you were. I'll
be there as soon as I can.
Niko. no. no.
We need to get this boat
back to the beach.
I can't do it on my own. I
need your help.
I understand. but I
need to go now.
Everything I have done
till this point
cannot be for nothing. you
understand that?
Yes. I'll be back soon.
Niko.
Niko!
Her bike is still here Chris.
She probably took cab.
Listen. we're swamped here.
I gotta go.
Tillie.
I'm freaking out.
It hasn't been long. honestly.
and there's so many crazy things
happening before the fourth.
I've called. I've texted.
nothing.
She wouldn't just leave
her bike here.
Niko. do you know this guy?
No.
Sorry to bother you.
I know you have to get
back to work.
Tillie. it's no trouble.
honestly.
You just go. it's okay.
[Answering Machine] This is
Richard Cantrell.
I'm not available right now.
Please contact my partner
Agent Hanley at 555.
Spare no peperoni good sir.
What. have we had enough of the
tea and biscuits me Lord?
Stuff it Henry.
Niko. my good man.
about tomorrow.
Yes. I told you. I
got you covered.
Listen I need you to
do me a favor.
Can you call Tillie?
Can you enlighten me please?
A boundless fountain of
olive oil and vinegar.
Her aunt is missing and she
needs to calm down. okay?
I have to work tonight.
Oh yes. aunt Jenny. a
previous source
of numerous episodes of
disconnection.
Related directly to the effects
of excessive alcohol.
But no fear. I will find
her drunken soul.
Yeah. just call her. okay.
Okay. bye.
You okay?
Pretty good view for the
fireworks. no?
I'm okay. don't worry about me.
You need to take the
money and go.
It's under there.
under the bunk.
Father worked hard to raise that
money for our cause.
We owe it to those who gave to
continue the war.
Marco. you could still go away.
No.
She's father's final glory.
you go.
You make us proud.
And when it's finished
just disappear.
You did not know this.
Father was trained by
the Americans
to do their dirty work overseas.
He fought his Muslim brothers on
the promise of a visa.
Better life. education for you.
But they betrayed him.
This so called nation
of immigrants.
they denied the visa.
They sent our mother
back home in shame
where she was stoned to death.
I wish that you had come with me
and father to London.
and not America with mother.
But mama.
So tomorrow you will remind them
of the cost of
arrogance and greed.
And of what it feels like to
have death come from no where.
Is that all you feel now Marco?
The need to hate and punish?
We're not that
different to them.
And mama. she loved it here.
She didn't go back in shame.
she went back to get a legal
visa to stay here.
If only you could
feel what I feel.
but I had my America. and
you never did.
Don't be a fool don't
listen to their lies.
Our course is true.
Your family is through your
brother. its true.
You're legacy to this
day and to me.
That is your oath.
You understand me little
brother. that is your oath.
You understand?
Now go.
Do your duty. go.
Chris.
I got back at three am. she
still wasn't home.
Okay.
It's crazy. I can't get a hold
of anybody at the clinic.
No one is picking up the phone.
I hope she didn't fall
off the wagon.
Called the police. they're over
run with the beach party.
I don't know what else to do.
Thanks Chris.
Yeah. I just wish it
was you and I.
Not into big crowds.
In fact when we get there
can we just take a walk
or something?
Okay.
Niko my man.
Hey.
Are the goods in one of
these oh so hipster.
Yeti cooler bags?
Now hold on. hold on. hold on.
You gotta watch out for all the
undercover cops around here.
Don't want the party to end too
soon now. do we Lou?
Prudence is wise.
Don't you judge me. to bring
your delicate young canine
to a beach prime for
numerous loud explosions.
Not so much.
All right. I'll see you soon.
I think Lou likes the puppy.
Oh my God.
Wait. who is this?
Precious little thing.
She's a present from Niko.
Hi.
Whoa. and I thought my outfit
would get attention.
This is gonna be ridiculous.
I'm gonna get something
out of the truck.
Okay.
What have we got here.
A puppy.
Can I pet him.
Him is a her.
She's almost as
beautiful as you.
Aw. you're charming.
I try.
So Niko. can you
confirm who owns
that glorious yacht off shore
and explain why your dear
friends have been denied access?
Just a second Lou.
What yacht?
The same yacht I saw your
Romeo escorting
another fellow
aboard last night.
You saw Niko there?
Entwined with a gentleman and
instinctively navigating
his way aboard as if
returning home.
I'm going for a swim.
Tell Felicity to watch
the puppy. okay?
Shouldn't be a problem. hey.
hey that's my board!
Has the hour arrived to spark up
some fine central Oregon?
Where's Tillie?
Oh our dear flower
impulsively decided
to paddle toward your well
endowed friends boat.
Perhaps planning an
offshore rendezvous.
No. no.
Tillie!
It's your friend isn't it?
You lied to me!
No. it's my brother.
Your brother?
Did he kill my parents?
I don't know.
Where's aunt Jenny?
Marco was hurt.
I took him to your aunt.
She was trying to help. I didn't
know what he would do.
Oh my God.
Tillie. Tillie.
Marco.
Wait.
Please Tillie. you shouldn't be.
you shouldn't be here.
Why. why my parents?
What did we ever do to you?
When else were you and
your brother doing?
I had a family to. Marco
was all I had left.
Aunt Jenny was all I had left.
You made me believe like I was
getting my life back.
Stupid. stupid me!
What else were you doing?
Marco put bombs in the cooler
bags on the truck.
No Tillie wait. wait.
Tillie wait.
just let me explain Tillie.
But.
Tillie. Tillie. Tillie.
Niko!
There's a bomb. there's a bomb!
A bomb. move. there's a bomb!
No bomb. look. just champaign
and a little weed.
Listen. ow officer. come on!
He's right. he's right. no bomb.
Just a cooler full of champaign.
Tillie. I'm Agent Hanley.
We found your aunt.
I'm so sorry. thank God you're
here in one piece.
Now we got here as
fast as we could.
Where's the suspect?
Dead on the boat.
And your boyfriend?
Bottom of the sea.
Your godfather. my partner.
Agent Cantrell?
We got an anonymous call to 911
with his location.
We found him at the marina
on a small boat.
He's in critical condition
at Mass General.
He just might make it.
I'm sorry. excuse me.
Sarge.
All right. what have we got?
Well both coolers are just
filled with champaign and ice.
Nothing consistent with an IED.
we're all clear.
All right.
Let's leave the truck.
I'm sorry.
Holy shit.
Dear Tillie. I'm sorry
I'm not gonna be with
you for a while.
I know I've made some mistakes.
and I'm prepared to
pay the price.
I hope the explosion
was far enough
away that nobody was hurt.
I took the FBI agent to the
marina and called 911.
I hope he's okay.
I'm so sorry about aunt Jenny.
She was so kind and I
felt safe with her.
Marco is my brother but I
didn't see it coming.
She was such a good woman.
I hope you can find
someway to forgive me.
I'll work hard.
I've decided to take your advice
and major in architecture.
It was always my dream to become
an American citizen.
It'll probably stay a
dream considering.
My father wanted us to use
this money for war
but we can use it for good.
I know that's what my mother
would have wanted.
But I love you Tillie and
I'm loyal to you
and only you for the rest of our
lives we'll spend together.
I love you Tillie.